---
title: "Research on Teaching Process Management and Quality Monitoring System for Higher Education"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1
excerpt: 'As is well known that teaching process management and quality monitoring significantly affect the teaching quality of higher education. Therefore, in this paper, we aim to analyze the importance of teaching process management and teaching quality monitoring in advance, and then we design and develop an effective teaching management system for teaching practice. Particularly, the intelligent information processing and mining technology are exploited as the main methods in the proposed system. Furthermore, the proposed system can greatly adapt to specific requirements of teaching process in colleges and universities. By analyzing and mining the data produced by the proposed system, we can find out the teaching rules and the bottleneck that affects the further improvement of teaching quality. In the proposed system, the teaching process management is defined to contain three aspects: 1) managing teachers' teaching, 2) managing students' learning, and 3) visualizing the data in the whole teaching process. We have used the proposed teaching mode for one year, and the reflection of students for the proposed new teaching pattern as listed as follows: 1) it can significantly improve the teaching quality, 2) students' learning process can be effectively monitored, and 3) the proposed system can accurately find the problems in the teaching process. In summary, the conclusions are drawn that the proposed system is of great significance to improve both the teaching quality and the teaching management level.'
date: 2019-8-23
venue: 'Qingdao, China'
paperurl: 'https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8964862'
citation: 'Z. Liu, G. Shanshan and S. Yuan, "Research on Teaching Process Management and Quality Monitoring System for Higher Education," 2019 10th Internationa'
---
This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.

[Download paper here](http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf)

Recommended citation: Your Name, You. (2009). "Paper Title Number 1." <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).
